Make random number generator better with game to stop people from revealing:
When you commit to a bet, you at the same time open up the opportunity for anyone to make a bet against you at a 2:1 ratio (eg. someone can claim "I think you'll be heads", and if it's heads they get 1 and if it's tails they lose 2, and similarly someone can claim "I think you'll be tails", and if it's tails they get 1 and if it's heads they lose 2). So if you reveal the bit to anyone else, even via a funky scheme like ZKP, they can anonymously take expected profit from you.

Make random number generator to decentivize collusion:
People who choose the minority bit have to pay less fee.

Steal idea from tendermint: *Problem- what if more than 1/3rd of money is in computers that are powered off?
Instead of selecting signers from everyone who has money, we should only select from people who have given bonds. Bond holders have to pay rent to keep their money in a bond. Easiest way to charge rent is to have a continually shifting exchange rate between bond-money and money. Simultaniously we print more bond-money and give it to people who sign. The exchange rate shift, and the money printing will be connected so that we are neither creating nor destroying value. If they sign, this is profitable. If they fail to sign then it is very un-profitable to keep your money in a bond. People who are bonded will leave their computer on, so they are ready to sign at the right time.
In the sign tx, choose what portion of the bond becomes safety deposit defending that block, and at what price they are willing to sell this deposit for.
Bond holders can unbond instantly, but safety deposits are trapped for a long time.







Become compliant with the outline.

total money spend in a block needs to be less than the amount bonded in that block.

Instead of storing signatures in each block, only store a max of one signature per address. A signature over a recent block is also a signature over the entire chain, because the block contains a hash of the previous block.

weak subjectivity

Make sure det_random uses default values for skipped heights.


Maybe the blockmaker should be rewarded for each signer he includes. This would disincentivize him from trying to cheat by including less signers.
so say minsigners = 10, maxsigners = 15

say there are 10 signers
reward is 0

11 signers
reward is 20%

12 signers
reward is 40%

Explain all the attack scenarios that you imagined while writing the code, post it on #bitcoin-wizards

minimum amount of money per address (maybe a new tx type for deleting addresses would be useful?)

mini-blockchain proposal

